bye
so it seems like we will be getting a
really awesome GTA 5 DLC Christmas
present and it's not from Rockstar
what's going on everybody my name is
physics welcome back to another GTA 5
video today we're going to be talking
about lizard squad the famous infamous
hacking team known as a group known as
lizard squad and how they've been going
on Twitter ranting and raving about how
they will be taking down servers
especially for GTA 5 online will be
affected as the Xbox servers run on that
and um it seems like the expected DLC
that we're all hoping to get nothing
confirmed quite just yet but still we
are all very very hyped up and just
waiting for rockstar to give us some
sort of a DLC for christmas and the
lizard squad guys apparently are
thinking otherwise as they have already
announced they will be doing something
big and shutting down certain servers
and certain games on Christmas on
Twitter they're very active and they're
saying stuff like for the entire month
they're going to be giving us early
presence and they're going to be giving
the entire gaming community something
for Christmas and we all know what that
is basically just detoxing servers and
taking down xbox microsoft ps4
playstation network all that good stuff
that we love and enjoy so now a lot of
people in the GTA 5 community are pretty
much left to just kind of hope and pray
that you don't get affected by any of
these changes which most of the time
they end up really going on so whenever
lizard squad pretty much goes out and
says stuff like this you can rest assure
that most of the time ninety percent of
the time if not more usually goes and
ends up happening so kind of just
wondering what your guys's opinions are
about it I know a lot of people are kind
of upset because they're like you know
what the hell I'm not gonna be able to
play GTA or I'm not gonna be able to
play call of duty whatever it is and
especially for us who have been waiting
for some sort of deal seem to come out
on Christmas Day or maybe Christmas Eve
the week of Christmas just like we have
in the previous year within the old gen
xbox 360 and the ps3 we receive snow and
that's pretty much what we are expecting
for this next upcoming DLC if there is
one that rocks are just give us so now
it's kind of just like damn like I
wonder if it's going to affect that and
we're gonna have no DLC and how rockstar
is going to expect to handle that
situation because a lot of people are
going to be upset GTA 5 wise we've been
kind of overdue for a DLC for quite some
time so I mean this is going to be a
really big blow for GTA if it does in
fact happen and hopefully it isn't for
too long maybe it's just a temporary
thing that they decide to do and not
just straight-out go for a like entire
like month-long thing which it seems
like based off of what they've been
saying on Twitter that's what it seems
like they're gonna be doing and I pretty
much read off one of the their latest
tweets that they did end up saying which
is a pretty interesting and it's pretty
just crazy to me how how these guys are
going to be doing this it's pretty
awesome though I don't know I you know
it's unfortunate but at the same time I
guess you know you can't really do
anything about it but kind of hoping
that doesn't really affect you that much
so this is what they said tweet from
lizard squad and I quote unlike Santa we
don't like giving all of our Christmas
presents out on one day this entire
month will be entertaining hashtag
lizard squad so they're gonna be taking
out some sort of servers for Xbox and
we're probably going to get affected as
well GTA 5 online so just kind of wanted
to see what you guys thought feel free
to leave a comment down below and drop a
like why you guys are at it really just
help the channel are tremendously and
subscribe for more GTA 5 content my name
is physics i will see you on the next
video
you